hello everyone this John from Blackburn
Locke today I'm gonna show you how to
unlock the curve 9300 got it here in
front of me I've already gone ahead and
inserted my Roger sim this is a bail
phone so you're gonna want to turn the
phone on wait for it to boot up
I already booted mine up so the first
thing you're gonna see is on the OS 6
and OS 7 it's gonna give you a pop-up
message saying that if you'd like to
unlock the phone you can go ahead and
just hit yes type in the code we provide
you but for the purpose of this tutorial
I'm going to show you the long method of
doing that so what you want to do is you
want to go to options go to device down
to advanced system settings then go to
SIM card from here you're going to type
in m e P D you're not going to see the
letters type on the screen then you're
gonna get this menu and you notice how
network is active right now so what
we're gonna do is first thing you got to
go to our website it's listed below and
process your unlock code now every
unlock code for every phone is different
so the code I type in here obviously
it's not going to work on any other
device so this one is showing network
active so I need to type in m EP 2
now this pops up you've got to be
careful because if you've only got 10
tries to enter this and if you try it 10
times and it fails you're gonna have a
hard lock phone very expensive
paperweight per se so I'm gonna go ahead
and enter my unlock code here 1 506 just
hit enter it's gonna say code accept it
and you'll notice everything is showing
disabled now and it says SIM card
security disabled at the top so we're
gonna exit all the way back out
I'm going to go to the top here and turn
on mobile network and you see it's
picking up Rogers says Rogers at the top
and I'm getting 3G full service so the
phone is in law so this will work on any
network with compatible bands
you